# Blade of Blind Rage (2 handed Sword)

Practical jokes seldom make legendary weapons, but if you have a creative craftsman down on his luck and an opportune moment, you might just get a weapon lauded in tale and song.

Each year, East and West Brud sends a delegation of nine apes to each district. The selected nine apes will compete against the other districts apes in all sorts of competitions, ranging from banana peeling to tree climbing. The last event to take place is bamboo cutting. The apes will take a newly forged sword from the best smiths in the district and cut down as many bamboo trees as possible in one minute.

East Brud had lost the competition three years in a row and was training their apes as hard as possible to prevent yet another embarrassing defeat. The East Brud\`s were sure that the tree climbing competition would be theirs, but they were not convinced about the other events. The mayor clearly stated in a speech to his apes that this year the victory should be theirs at all costs. A Walker smith standing in the back of the crowd listening to the mayor speak figured that this could be his claim to fame. If he could just craft a great-looking sword that would secure victory, surely, he would be well known and respected throughout the district.

The problem with the Walker smith was that he lacked talent in the forge. He did not lack creativity though, so his plans were as follows. First, he would make a ridiculously ornate two-handed swords with golden colors everywhere, as well as a blood red fuller for extra effect. Some lead would be inserted in the hilt to make the sword unnecessarily heavy. After completing the sword, he would make sure to add as much chili powder as possible to grip. The idea was that the wielding ape would start sweating from the weight of the sword and wipe his forehead with his hands. The chili would then mix with his sweat and run down into the eyes of the ape making him rage due to the heat and discomfort.

The Walker ape tried this himself after completing the sword and to his amazement it really worked quite well. He found that he won the qualification round and his sword would be chosen to be sent to West Brud for the grand competition.

That year, the Brud apes were very evenly matched, and after eight apes had competed, the score was 4-4. The sword battle would settle the whole competition. The selected champion from East Brud was a muscular ape from the Maddock family. He was strong and fit and was ready to prove his worth. East Brud was allowed to go first in the matchup. As fortune would have it, the Maddock ape had been eating some strange looking bugs earlier that day and was not feeling too well in his bowls. Almost immediately after picking up the sword he asked for a timeout to go to the outhouse. His request was granted, and he went to perform his business. A few minutes later a large cry was heard from the outhouse, and the Maddock ape came running out with a panicked expression. It seemed chili and toilet paper were a terrible combination. The competition needed to go through though, so the Maddock ape was forced to compete. He picked up the sword again with a pained expression and immediately began to sweat. Now wiping his forehead only made the situation worse as he could not see a thing anymore. The result was that he lifted the sword and charged at everything in his path. The whole bamboo arena was gone before 30 seconds had passed and the audience were in shock. The West Brud ape forfeited the competition and East Brud took the victory for the first time in years. The poor Maddock ape was sent to the infirmary to sooth his pains, but the Walker smith was being hailed as a genius for pulling off this trick.

Ever since this event took place, apes around the Society have been taking about the Blade of blind range, and it has since been regarded as a legendary weapon. Obviously, the wielder of the weapon will get a great rage and strength boost during combat.
