# Bloodrage of the Mighty Knights (1 handed axe)

The party of five Knights had made it as far as Rural Way, North Cegelf. The snowstorm only got more intense as the group ventured further into the northern parts of the district. Great honor would be bestowed upon the bravest of the Knights who would be able to map out the northernmost part of this wilderness. It was by no means an easy task though, as the treacherous nature and weather in this unknown landscape could easily take the lives of even the most veteran of Knights.

The Knight Commander had issued a decree that North Cegelf would seek to expand its influence further north than Gamma Road. First, the area would need to be mapped and any dangers out there needed to be subdued. The Knight Commander rallied his most loyal Knights and offered “the red cross of Cegelf” to any brave Knight who would be able to accomplish this mammoth task. Five Knights from five families stepped forth and accepted. To give the Knights their blessings and ease their journey the Knight Commander gifted each of the Knights with a fine-looking war axe. A gold-plated pommel was sat in a leather strapped grip. The haft was made of the finest oak varnished with the best linseed oil. The steel head was impressive looking. A spike was forged out on the butt, and the edge was shaped like a crescent moon with sharp points on the toe and heel. The Knight Commander blessed the Knights and the axes, and on foot they set out to the wild north.

Pushing through the drifts at Rural Way the cold air was leaving white strands of ice in the fur of the apes. The group was relentless and would push on no matter what. After some time, the Knights were forced to halt their progress as a 100 feet wide chasm stood in their way. What was worse was that they heard noises at their rear. Growling noises. The Knights were trapped, they could not cross the chasm and were forced to face what had been following them. White beasts emerged from the blizzard. First, a set of red menacing eyes could be seen. Seconds later, what looked to be at least 20 eyes would look straight at the Knights. Wolves. Huge northern wolves.

Without consultation, one of the Ape Knights charged forward aiming at the largest wolf in the pack. Just a second before he could manage a strike he was flanked and taken to the ground. Three more wolves would ascend on the poor ape and tore him to pieces. This enraged the four remining Knights. Each of them drew their axe and charged forward in a raged state. Immediately two smaller wolves were deposed with heavy strikes. The goal was the largest wolf, and before the beast could blink, four enraged apes had thrown themselves over him. No mercy was shown as the four axes had his head off in an instant. The next thing that happened surprised the apes. Instead of seeing the remaining wolves charge, they seemed to cover and lower their heads. It was as if the killing of their leader, the Alpha, the wolves now considered the apes their new master. Cautiously the apes approached the wolves and without delay all the beasts rolled onto their backs to show submission.

Taking advantage of this situation the apes quickly found out that the wolves would allow them to sit on their backs. Riding the wolves made for a huge benefit in this frozen landscape, and within a week the entire Northern part of North Cegelf had been mapped out.

Riding back to the Knight Commander with wolves in tow made a huge impression on the residents of the southern part of the district. The Knights were given the highest order of the red cross, and the wolves were thoroughly studied for further use by the apes. Each of the Knights would receive an imprint of the wolf on the blade of their axe and the weapon has ever since been thought of as an item of legend from the Knights of North Cegelf.

Domestication of the wolves has made the northern parts of the district inhabitable, and to this day the proud Knights patrol this area on their wolf steeds, proudly displaying the emblem of their past, the axe “Bloodrage of the Mighty Knights”
