# Katana of Lost Ambitions (1 handed sword)

Barren lands in the north. The wind sweeps through the dry sands. What little vegetation remains shifts its direction as the cold weather blows through the landscape. Once, the ruling apes of northern Yocalt were ambitious and eager. Great projects were planned, and magnificent buildings were to be erected. Now, what remains is only lost hope. Maybe the spring will see new seeds shoot up and give renewed sparks to ambitions of old. Maybe the legacy of the old rulers will again bring life to this forgotten space.

Explorers from Quniod and Koatwolf would often sweep through the sands of northern Yocalt looking for places of interest and valuable artefacts. Most of the areas had already been looted though, so with each sweep it was more and more difficult to find something of great value. A particular tenacious Koatwolf party struck something amazing by share luck. On a regular raid they noticed an exposed golden dome barely visible through the sand walls covering it. Digging around the area exposed a magnificent looking temple with a noyane roof. Further excavations revealed a massive torii gate with inscriptions of an unknown language. The inside of the temple was empty save for a stone table in the middle of the room. On the tablet a saya with a wonderfully ornate grip was masterfully mounted in a stand. Approaching the katana, the explores could see that this was the craftsmanship of a master sword maker. The edge of the sword seemed as sharp as ever, and the steel would still reflect the light when raised to the sun. The word “kyodai” was etched into the habaki, but the explorers did not understand the meaning.

Turning the sword into the archeologist’s guild in Koatwolf, it was concluded that this mighty katana must have been owned by the previous ruler of Yocalt. Little is known regarding the fate of this old lord, but the legacy is no longer broken, and the sword is forever in society as a reminder that ambition should not be forgotten, but rather rekindled. Perhaps this katana will light the spark that enables the new rise of old northern Yocalt?
