# Lance of Higher Truth (javelin)

Cahuenga Avenue in Doork East is known for being the hub for cultivating all kinds of medicinal herbs and substances. While the area is mostly agricultural, there are a few craftsmen who have set up shop in this part of the district. The craftsmen here generally do not dabble in advanced furniture, expensive gramophones, and pool tables, as the high-end market is just too far away to make it worthwhile. Instead, applications for farmers and simple tools are much more in demand. The pay is not the best, but it is honest work, and the demand is constant.

A White craftsman who had set up shop near a cattle field received a rather large order from a local farmer one day. The farmer needed to fence in the cattle as they were constantly straying over to the neighboring field, eating all the highly priced weed plants. The farmer could not pay much, but to sweeten the deal he said to the White ape that he would be sharing some of his specially cultivated mushrooms. The White ape was not used to eating mushrooms, but figures that work was work and food was food, so he agreed to the job. He needed to manufacture one hundred fence poles as soon as possible.

Not being used to hallucinogenic mushrooms, the White ape didn’t know that it most likely was unwise to eat the whole bag given to him at once. After the 10th mushroom, the pupils of the ape were so large that the white in the eyes could no longer be seen. The ape was staring out in the open when it seemed like voices were telling him things. Things related to his crafting, things related to battle and then just things. After this everything went black.

The first thing the White ape realized when waking up was that he had a horrible headache. The next thing he realized was that in front of him lay what looked like 100 poles neatly stacked in a pile. He had no idea what had happened but could vaguely remember something about voices in his head. The poles did not look like normal fencepoles though, they were razor sharp on each side and a metal tip was nailed in to one of the points. The shape was also very strange, it was sort of rounded where the center part of the pole was considerable thicker than the outer parts. Also, the surface was smooth and felt nice in his hands.

Knowing a weapon when he saw one, the White ape sought council with a weaponsmith he knew from the central parts of Doork East. The conclusion from the appraisal was that this was something special. The shape made the javelins very aerodynamic, and the metal point was just the perfect weight and fit to make the throwing accurate. Doing some tests also revealed that it was possible to throw this weapon much longer than could normally be achieved.

The two apes made the measurements and drew up the blueprints. They would call this javelin “Lance of Higher truth”, as only when stoned out of his wit the White ape had managed to come up with such a genius invention. Too this day, it is possible to buy this excellent throwing weapon from the two apes in Doork East. They are both very lazy though and will only work for large amounts of $SOCIETY, so its difficult to come by this weapon.
