# Shining light of Fury (body armor)

This legendary piece of body armor started out as a major flop, but in the end turned out to be an incredible asset to the wearer during combat.

The Royal Advisors of Fragodd East were having a parade to celebrate the opening of yet another lucrative copper mine in the prospecting district. Obviously, a parade for such an important event meant that the best garments and the shiniest armor needed to be worn. Normally, the local smiths would give the armor an overhaul before the event, but due to the efforts in the mines none were available.

The Advisors had heard of an ape named Crèpin Wright from neighboring Doork East who was selling what could be described as an “easy to apply solution for perfect sheen”. According to the advertisement it was easy to apply, and just about anyone could make it work in no time. Due to the advisors being pressed for time, they went ahead and bought a batch from the Wright ape.

As advertised the solution was easy to apply and it seemed to do miracles. In just a few minutes the advisor’s impressive armor was shining like it should for apes of that particular elevation. The problems started during the procession in the streets though. It was a warm sunny day, and the light from the sun shone with intensity on the armor. For some unknown reason, a chemical reaction took place almost immediately. The armor went from having a nice polish to something resembling a magnifying glass. The sun shone and then projected lights in all directions. The poor bystanders were running for cover not to be blinded and burned by the reflective rays.

Furiously, the Royal Advisors sued the Wright ape for misleading advertisements, but soon after retracted the lawsuit due to some clever Fragodd miners who saw an incredible application for this shining armor. Mixing the steel armor with Chromium and applying the solution would give the armor reasonable weight and resistance in combat, but the real advantage was that it would blind the opponents completely on a sunny day. The Fragodd apes would call this piece “shining light of Fury” and would keep the blueprints for themselves, only selling the completed armor for a very lucrative profit.
