# Robo Horse

Robo Horse – the Rich Horse Harness The realization that he was one small part of a greater whole had King Bradford Rich pondering, especially before considering, or attentively examining how he would expand his reach within the Amphitheatre. The sheer magnitude and scale of the continuous development within the Amphitheatre was astoundingly brilliant. King Rich understood that for him and the Rich family, their destiny would forever be entwined.

&#x20;It was whilst spending the long winter at his cabin in Doork East that he happened to encounter his old friend Addison Cortes, whom he had not seen in years. They crossed paths close to the mayor’s office in Victoria Grove. Addison, who was the mayor of Fraggod East was on an important diplomatic visit. It was of no surprise that the mayor of Doork East was missing! This left him with spare time to share a warm cup of the famous Brown soup with Bradford.

&#x20;Bradford valued his dear friend’s opinion, and after about the third helping of the delicious Brown soup the conversation turned to the Bradfords aspirations to further contribute toward the building of the Amphitheatre. As Bradford was undecisive, Addison suggested that he return to his workshop in Brotaw District. Perhaps when he is back in his element it may provide inspiration and creativity. This suggestion resonated with Bradford, he could not help but wonder if this was indeed a fortuitous encounter!

&#x20;Bradford decided to travel on horseback, he packed light and made haste at dawn the following morning. Eager to reach his destination he gently applied pressure with his calves, urging his favorite horse to lengthen his stride. With his mind fully occupied with wondrous ideas and his shutter shades to protect his eyes from the sun’s rays, he hardly noticed when full darkness arrived.

&#x20;Suddenly and abruptly his horse halted to a dead stop. Fortunately, his travel pack was light, so Bradford was able to adapt and absorb this unexpected move. He looked up to see what loomed ahead, only to see complete darkness. It took him a moment to realize his shutter shades were still on. As he removed the shades, his pupils dilated to adjust to the environment. He was then able to see what the commotion ahead was. A troop of naked Apes dancing around the tiniest fire, eating bananas and hurling banana peels into the fire!&#x20;

Bradford descended from his horse, approached the Apes, and greeted them. Only one naked Ape with a shiny Cardano earing replied. “Greetings my friend. What brings thee to this part of the woods? “Bradford explained his dilemma only to be handed a bunch of bananas. ” Eat, dance and be merry” he was told.

&#x20;As strange as it was, he did as he was told. As the festivities continued, the pile of banana peels began stacking in the fire. A sweet aroma tickled his nostrils, and he noticed a swarm of flies appearing. The naked Apes began chanting, “Its working!” and without notice they all ran away with the flies following suit.

&#x20;When dawn approached Bradford and his horse continued the journey, but this time they too had a swarm of flies following! The flies irritated Bradford’s horse to no end, even when arriving back at the workshop. This was when clarity struck and the creative idea of a Robo Horse harness was born. If he had not encountered his friend Addison, the Robo Ape or those weird naked Apes and flies, this combination of armour may not have been born! A unique combat armour designed to not only act as a handy fly resistance but also the ability to withstand the most brutal force and impact during battle.&#x20;

And so, it came to be that Bradford, the master metalworker, set to designing and producing the very first Robo Horse harness and submitting a majestic sponsorship to the Amphitheatre for a 250,000 $SOCIETY blueprint donation.
