# King Francisque Wright

As the keystone of House Wright, King Francisque Wright is known for his prowess to maintain a strong military and enforce looting policies in regions near and far.  During times of peace, looting is maintained by the family through the acquisition of furniture and crafted goods created in the City's labor markets. To maintain strength in their regions of influence, King Francisque commands vast marauding campaigns into other territories to acquire wealth that is injected into the local ape economy.  In part from the effort of these incursions, King Francisque has amassed vast knowledge from other cultures.  This knowledge enables the tribe to question their reality through new perspectives that directly shift the zeitgeist of their philosophical considerations, development of state-of-the-art inventions, and innovation in emerging trade markets.

&#x20;King Francisco Wright's virtue to provide for all apes, the King hereby bequeaths 250,000 $Society to the TAS Amphitheatre for advancement of the construction of a grand arena.  With this allotment of wealth, King Francisque has set forth the degree that House Wright shall train and compete in the Amphitheatre to hone their skills and nourish their combat praxis.  In doing so, the highly skilled Wright apes harness an additional 25% character statistic increase over the rival Military Officer families.  King Francisco aims to instill strong foundations within Society so that every ape may survive war, challenge themselves to increase their strength and foresight, and above all, approach responsibilities as an objective to storm, the Wright way.

&#x20;Augmenting the Wright character boost, House Wright are endowed as the stewards of the 1-handed sword.  Being King Wright's armament of choice, the 1-handed sword serves as a well-balanced platform for the Wright family to hone their skills and maneuvers.  Leading his compatriots into combat with Fatebringer, King Francisco has been witnessed to conduct his horde with symphonic precision as they dispatch their adversaries in fluidic choreography.

&#x20;In his acumen as a bright and prosperous leader, King Wright's ambition is to provide the highest quality resources for his family and tribe to illuminate the brightest minds, strengthen apes resolve, and challenge apes to trust in their comradery.  King Francisque's rise to notoriety has been met with great fanfare.  Strengthened by strong relationships within the merchant and artist classes, King Francisque has often commissioned multiple paintings to tell of his travels abroad to inspire all apes.  In part from the Wright's family ability to contribute greatly to the prosperity of the society, craftsman apes are typically collected when it comes to pay tribute to the Wright family as the opportunities for growth and value to the collective by House Wright is well worth their collections that maintain social order.
