# The Forge Front Established

From the 6th floor of the Smith manor in the East Brud District, Tye Smith leaned back at his desk while he gazed out the windowpanes. One of the perks of leading the family in the King’s absence was living in the Smith family manor. The view from this upper window was spectacular as it overlooked the city wall to the Southeast Battlement. It had the vantage point that included the comings and goings on the East Bridge that crossed over the Radbourne River. The river wound its way south trespassing the valley and out of sight before flowing into the Bay. Due east was the Edgewood Forest, a glimpse of the Goguen border and off in the far distance the Obsidian Mountain Range. On severely clear days he could even see the animate, Mt. Hammersly. But now, the day was fading, and the far ranges took on the hue of plum from this distance. Along the bridge, the lantern lights began to twinkle, and the river threw the reflective shimmering light back as it moved south. Tye Smith was certainly a city rat, but this view gave him a serene country mouse feel and a place to clear his mind and reflect. He grabbed his chalice and pondered the events of the last few weeks. What a whirlwind he thought…&#x20;

The Smith’s, under the direction of King Harvey, were going to do the impossible and embark on a two-front strategy. If they pulled it off, it would surely secure the Smith family through the Modern Era. King Harvey would be responsible for the Frontier Front. He would take some explorers with a few highly skilled Smiths in the field of geology, dynamite, excavation and of course his own entourage to the eastern regions of Basho and northern tundra of the Polonia region. The comprehensive purpose and degree of success of this trip can only be revealed on the King’s return. These expeditions are being chronicled and will be released at a later date. The second front would be known as the Forge Front. This front would be handled by Tye Smith. The evening before the King left on his expedition, he appointed Tye Smith to be the King’s Regent in his absence. The Forge Front mission – raise 50K $Society from the Smith Family for the Amphitheatre gauntlet blueprint.&#x20;

Of the many strengths of the King perhaps the most important was knowing the strengths of his subjects and placing them in positions to excel for the family. Proud of the Smith family and ever hopeful for the vision set in motion, Harvey would say, “I rather pull in the reigns of a horse than have to whip him.” This was certainly not a lesson lost on the Smiths King’s Regent, Tye, as he would need to call on many Smiths and even other families for the success of the Forge Front. Tye removed his gaze from the distant eastern horizon and looked instead at the mountain of correspondence sitting at his desk. If not for the evidence of letters, no one would believe what had been accomplished in just 10 days’ time.&#x20;

The first morning of the Forge Front endeavor, Regent Tye quickly turned to the aid of Beltran White, the Great Amphitheatre architect. Tye was relieved, all that had been spoken of Beltran was true. He was quick, energetic, and an ape of goodwill. He was confident the meeting would go well. As the King’s Regent, Tye Smith asked Beltran White to secure the donation for the Gauntlets only to hand the Gauntlets back to the Smith’s once the family secured the necessary funds. Once Beltran White heard the reason the Smith’s had to secure the Gauntlets above all other armor, he was only too pleased to be part of the Smith’s Forge Front. The two shook hands and as Regent Tye walked away, he smiled and thought to himself, this could be the beginning of many more endeavors for these two apes.&#x20;

Now that Tye had secured time to organize the Smith family his first call went to Amans Best. Amans was a masterful artist and had completed his course work in Doork East. Amans was honored to have this opportunity to use his unique skill of graphic design for the Smith family. If Tye was going to convince the Smith family members to donate their hard-earned funds and go into a business venture for the Majestic Sponsorship of a blueprint, then it was time for a professional presentation of sketches and designs for all Smith communications and branding. Next, Merchant Alonso Amato, with his contemporary wraparound glasses, was tapped to record and protect the funds into a Governance Collection. Last, Regent Tye needed an administrative assistant to document the events as they unfolded. Lore record keeper, Barnette Mars would aid the Regent with an official close eye and careful quill. Barnette met regularly with Claudien Smith who was known within the Smith family as La Conservatrice. A curator of sorts that knew the intimate details of the family Smith Lore.&#x20;

Regent Tye knew that the Smith Family by nature are quiet and contemplative and would need information to affirm this plan, to raise $Society for a blueprint, was wise. Tye had infectious energy as he presented all the benefits of an Amphitheatre blueprint to the Smith Family. It could be argued, of all families, the Smiths should lead the way in crafting armor in the Amphitheatre. With Tye’s gift of leadership and persuasion, it didn’t take long until pledges were made and the $Society started flowing into the Governance Collection. Within 36 hours, close to twenty Smiths joyfully dug deep into their pockets and pledged or donated anywhere between 1K and 5K $Society whereby they far exceeded the 50K $Society needed to attain the Exalted Sponsorship. Excitement built within the Smith halls as all in the city could see that the Smith craftsmen were a proud group who were going to define their moment in Amphitheatre history.&#x20;

The hard work had been accomplished, now it was time for some suspense and pageantry as Tye was ready to disclose to the Smith family and other interested parties the complete meaning behind the King’s campaign of the Frontier Front and the gauntlets blueprint. The Smith gathering would be held on the eastside lawn of the East bridge and would be a day for the annals of Smith lore. Rodney, Booth Marlow, Ramiro, and Brandon Smith kept the area secure from any mischief. Tye began the afternoon by thanking each Smith donor by name and gifted those that donated 5K $Society with a unique background sketch for their ape. This sketch secured each member into a Smith governance association to be called Forge Front. Next, Tye would tell a story from ages past. It was Claudien Smith who reminded the King’s Regent, “If we remember our past, we can tell our story then we will know our identity.” Tye began, “As you all know, Smith’s origin into the Society began in the Golden Era. For the occasion of our induction and naming, the Smith family gifted Giambuono, Il Vieccho, with two stunning gifts. The first was a spear for fishing with a heron crafted at the top of the handle of the spear. Today, this spear hangs above the mantel of Carver de’Medici at his Canmard City chateau. The second gift was a magnificent and priceless full set of armor that had been forged at Mt Hammersly. The shield to this day is with Giambuono’s sarcophagus in the catacombs under the Grand Library guarded by Plutus the Dragon. But the rest of the armor has been forgotten about until King Harvey Smith began an inquiry and even researched the De’Medici family chronicles from the Grand Library. It was learned that Giambuono, before his passing, had scattered these pieces of armor across the known world and unknown metaverse.”&#x20;

Suddenly, yet right on time, in the far distance coming from the Goguen Border, one could see an entourage galloping quickly toward the eastern bridge. It took a while to recognize the flag bearer’s emblem. All stood in anticipation until Watson Smith uncharacteristically cried out, “It’s the Smith Family Flag!” In came the charge and seven servants of the King quickly dismounted in front of the surprised curious onlookers. “Long live King Harvey and all hail to the King’s Regent’s, Tye!” declared the servant. “It is with great joy that I announce to the Smith Family that Giambuono’s Gauntlets have been discovered and the King has made a mold of these gauntlets at the Forge of Mt. Hammersly to be delivered to you on this day.” The crowd erupted into a cheer that echoed off the city outer walls and lifted to the heavens themselves. It was clear now that King Harvey was on the mission to find and reclaim all of Giambuono’s lost armor.&#x20;

Regent Tye had Hiatus, Baptistin, Truman, Hamilton, Watson, Desir, Stanley, and Claudien Smith deliver the 50K $Society along with the special gauntlet mold to none other than Esmond Mars, Maester of the Amphitheatre. After saying their farewells and heading to their respective homes, Tye had other private business to attend to on behalf of the King in the Amphitheatre. Carrying a small luggage case that contained the original lost gauntlets of Giambuono, Regent Tye headed down a stairwell unnoticed. It was there in the bellows of the underground corridors of the amphitheater he handed off the case to a hooded figure…&#x20;

Tye gazed back out his window from East Brud that overlooked the spectacle from the day. He was so proud of the Smith Family. They had come together for a moment to help secure their future in the Forge Front. The night was now turning late, and he could no longer see a reflection of light on the horizon. Tye turned his attention to a note that had been given from the hooded figure in the Amphitheatre and tipped his Chalise to the darkness, “Long live King Harvey and good fortune to the Frontier Front.”
