# Courtland Blades Taylor-Journey of a master Bladesmith

Noting his humble beginnings, Courtland Taylor could not be prouder and more honoured to stand beside these important and well-respected dignitaries within The Ape Society. This ceremonious day was to be abound with honorary accolades and awards for the contributions toward The Amphitheatre. As incredulous as it felt at times, Courtland came to accept and embrace his worth. He had to pinch himself at times just to make sure that he was not in some grandiose dream. He reacted to the beckoning of his name and made his way toward the podium, where he humbly accepted the award for Exalted sponsorship of 50 000 $Society.

&#x20;As the proceedings of the day unfolded, Courtland became acquainted with many well-known and not so well-known Apes. Interesting conversations flowed and when he found himself engaged in one such conversation, he was asked how he received the name Courtland ‘Blades’ Taylor and how he came to be such an integral part of the Amphitheatre. He joked and asked his new friend, “tell me, how much time do you have? For you see there is a long version, and there is a longer version!&#x20;

“ To Courtland’s surprise, he looked up and saw an audience of curious Apes all waiting to hear his story. He chuckled to himself, then beckoned to the curious crowd to be seated on the grass before he began his story. “Where shall I begin my fellow Apes? Let me start at the beginning “

&#x20;Courtland’s parents earned an honest living as fine garment makers. Skills and expertise they mastered over the years, of which Courtland was expected to continue. To be clothed by the Taylors was a symbol of honour and respect among all classes. As much as he tried, Courtland knew that tailor-making was not his destiny. He, however, understood that it would always form part of his DNA, but he knew deep down that there was something stronger calling him.

&#x20;His family was fortunate to own a small cabin in a busy district, where trade and barter flourished. He distinctly remembered the day when his Father told his family rumours of an Amphitheatre that was about to be erected. This rumour had Courtland very intrigued. As time passed the rumour materialized into a reality. This was when Courtland realized that somehow this would play an important part in his destiny.

&#x20;Courtland would take any gap he got to spend time outside the Amphitheatre where he witnessed the spectacular building process and over time the completed and breathtakingly beautiful site. He would spend hours witnessing the hardworking Craftsman crew and skillful Engineers go about their tasks. He would often find himself in hot water with his mother for returning home hours after his curfew. He remembered one such occasion, where he missed an entire wedding ceremony! Needless to say, his mother was not very pleased with him. He found himself grounded many times, but he would always find a way to sneak out. He concluded that over time his parents gave up and just pretended to not notice his absence.

&#x20;As the years passed, the events held at the Amphitheatre became more popular amongst the districts. The excitement and roaring sounds during the arena battles were exhilarating! Courtland would now find himself completely obsessed with the battle arena fighters and their weapons. He would wait outside the Amphitheatre for the warriors to emerge and he would offer his services ‘free of charge’ to sharpen their weapons. At first, they were resistant to handover their most prized weapons, but Courtland was persistent. He managed to garner favour with the local fighters as they become fond of this young, energetic, and cheerful Ape who would not take ‘no’ for an answer.

&#x20;When his efforts finally paid off, and he earned their trust, Courtland could not keep up with the demand! He initially dabbled in the art of Blade smithing mostly as a hobby. Sometimes to get away from the tailor-making business, he would rather spend time in the local Bladesmith workshop. What delighted him was that this hobby developed into a passion. He especially enjoyed sharpening weapons like the swords, daggers, spears, and arrows. The fighters would often brag and even wager whose weapons were sharper. This created a fun and entertaining way for Courtland to befriend many of the local fighters, in particular one very prominent Military Officer called Forbes Baldwin. Forbes and Courtland got on like a house on fire. It was always amusing to listen to them bantering and teasing each other. The other fighters would overhear Forbes calling Courtland ‘Blades’. And this was how he came to be nicknamed ‘Blades’

&#x20;The Master Bladesmith noticed a change in Courtland and without hesitation he took Courtland under his wing as an apprentice. Courtland was an avid and eager learner who put in all his efforts to advance his skill. Together with his persuasive and likeable factor, the business he brought in from the Amphitheatre grew to become very lucrative. It only stood to reason that his success was rewarded, and he was offered a partnership position. Courtland and his family were overjoyed but unfortunately his rise to the top was not a shared joy by a few disgruntled colleagues!

&#x20;Courtland had to contend with many probing questions and had to defend his success. His approach was to show more and talk less. This also motivated and encouraged him to reach beyond the limits. He threw himself into his work, he had to sacrifice his social life. Apes of his age were out having a party! He could only live vicariously through the stories he heard from close friends. At times he wondered why he worked so hard, why he was so ambitious. But then he would remember the end goal and he would be content in his pursuit!

&#x20;As time went on Courtland’s determination, dedication, and hard work was self-evident. He progressed to become a Master Bladesmith and garnered the respect of those that doubted him before. News spread through all the kingdoms of this Master Bladesmith’s work. He was the Ape to call upon if you needed the sharpest blades in all The Ape Society! His reputation preceded him which elevated his social standing within the Ape Society. One day he received a special hand delivered scroll with the illustrious Amphitheatre stamp affixed to it. It was addressed to Courtland ‘Blades’ Taylor. His heart literally skipped a few beats! He could not help but wonder if he had come full circle.

&#x20;Courtland was cordially invited to attend a very special event hosted by none other than the Grand Architect himself, Beltran White. The expert visionary who ushered the vision into reality! The event was in celebration and commemoration for those who played a role in the success of The Amphitheatre. Courland was to be honoured for his role of Master Bladesmith servicing the renowned fighters and warriors.

&#x20;It was always his plan, but he knew that this was the right time to contribute and sponsor Society towards the Amphitheatre. He was fortunate to now not only have made a name for himself but also be financially in a good place. He arranged to deliver a chest filled with 50 000 $Society towards the donation of a blueprint for a one-handed sword.

&#x20;The time leading up to the special event was very exciting. News travelled like lighting in these parts and soon he was bombarded with questions from almost every Ape he encountered. The town was abuzz with exhilaration and anticipation.

&#x20;It was only fitting for his parents to design and construct his attire for the occasion. The Taylor Family were highly connected with the Explorers and Merchants of the society as they often assisted in acquiring the finest threads and fabrics from the most exotic places. Naturally, the final attire was fit for an honorary Ape. It was classy, sophisticated, stylish, and constructed with natural fibers like wool and silk. As Courtland got dressed, he felt the part, he looked the part, and he was the part! He was ready!

&#x20;It felt surreal when he entered The Amphitheatre for the first time. The full circle moment he thought of before was now! Thinking back to that young Ape who was filled with all those dreams and aspirations. And here he was, proud and content!

&#x20;‘And that my fellow Apes is my story! ‘The crowd of apes who had listened intently to his story all gave a loud cheer! They shook his hand, congratulated him, and went on their way.

&#x20;Courtland continued to provide his services to The Amphitheatre fighters for years to come. Explorers and Military Officers across the kingdoms heard of this Master Bladesmith’s work and this secured large contracts for his already thriving business.

&#x20;Years passed, and Courtland decided it was time to retire and spread his wealth. He had always loved visiting Doork East and when he made the decision to retire, he bought a cabin in this sought after district. His patronage to the University of Doork East is highly valued. Today you will find Courtland ‘Blades ‘Taylor happily semi- retired in Doork East. He now has his own line of Cutlery with his signature stamp. He was never one to sit idle. For Blades he found meaning in this famous quote Success is Not Final, Failure is Not Fatal, it is the Courage to Continue that Counts!
