# If You Have a Dream, Build It!

Dempster Ventucci’s life was not that of a typical king, but rather that of a peasant farmer. He grew up in the farming district of Rogeosk, where he worked for his father farming wheat for The Ape Society. He also learned the value of hard work and the love of family. Though he loved the farming life, he always longed for more. Seeing the merchants that came to the farm for goods, as well as hearing all the stories from the Royal Advisers and Military Officers that his father traded with, only strengthened his desire to leave and try his hand at life abroad. As Dempster traveled around The Society, he sharpened and honed his skills of trade. He also showed selfless acts of kindness to all that he met and that earned him the name VenGucci among his peers. He also had a specific way of explaining his trading techniques, which were later referred to as VenGucciNomics.

One lovely day in The Ape Society, he ran into a rather strange acting ape, with thick glasses and a spinner hat, holding a rifle. Dempster approached the ape and said, “Hello sir, what do you have there?” the ape replied, “Well fine Sir, I was given this rifle, and I have no ammo or really any need for such a thing. I was on my way to Doork East, there’s a fine artist there named Studs Mars that is fond of YoYo’s. I thought I might trade him.” Dempster thought to himself, that stock would be perfect for that crossbow project I’ve been working on. “Sir”, said Dempster, “No need to go to Doork East, I have just what you’re looking for.” He reached into his worn bag of goods and pulled out a golden YoYo. The eyes of the Ape opened wide and his spinner cap started spinning fast. He thought he was going to explode with excitement! The ape dropped the rifle and snatched the YoYo out of Dempster’s hands before he ran away with so much joy in his heart singing “I’m happy to be an ape!” “Well,” said Dempster “another satisfied customer.” and he picked up his rifle and went on his way.

Later that day Dempster returned to his farm. He was excited about his transaction with his newfound friend. He took his newly acquired rifle and put it on his workbench next to a crossbow he received as payment for some carriage repairs earlier that week. He took the stock off the rifle and meticulously reconstructed the crossbow with the new hardware. “Wow! Now that's a crossbow!” He thought to himself, as he placed it back on its mount. After that he retired for the evening.

Many days went by as Dempster tended to his father’s farm. Keeping the wheat alive in the hot summer sun was no easy task. Wheat was in high demand, and they had the best bushels around. As Dempster was loading a truck, he heard the sound of a horse carriage pulling up behind him. “Ahoy! Friend!” He turned and looked. It was Forbes Baldwin, the Military Officer whose carriage he had repaired weeks earlier. “Good day Forbes! how’s the carriage holding up?” he greeted. “Good as new, now that you have worked your magic on it” They made small talk as friends do. When Forbes asked about the crossbow that was given to him, Dempster said, “Wait right here.” He quickly ran to his workshop and came back with the crossbow and handed it to Forbes. “Here, give this a try. I’ve made a few changes.” Forbes shouldered his old crossbow and fired it at a nearby bushel of wheat. Forbes just smiled as the first bolt was set free. Then the next, and the next, with hardly any effort pulling the trigger, no vibrations, and the cyclic rate was amazing! “Dempster old chap, this is a work of art.” Dempster was happy he liked it, and replied “It was nothing, I just like to ape out in my spare time.” “Well sir, I have a feeling this is going to change lives” Forbes said with a wink.

Forbes was thoroughly amazed at the look and function of the crossbow. As he was preparing to leave, he leaned in close to Dempster and asked “Friend, how would you like to go to the amphitheater with me?” Dempster thought for a moment and replied, “Does Thorpe Brown Question his reality?” Forbes let out a thunderous laugh, “I believe he does.” said Forbes. “Grab your crossbow and other belongings and let’s ride.” So, the two set out for the amphitheater. It was a long ride, so they left right away. Dempster rather enjoyed the carriage ride as he had never been in one before. “I’ve never been to the amphitheater. Forbes, what’s it like?” asked Dempster. “Well, the Amphitheater was built by a great ape known as Beltran White. He had this dream to bring Apes from all around The Ape Society together to compete in games. He spent days and months building this dream for the community. When he was finished, it was a marvel to behold. Apes traveled from all around to compete. Some would have district tournaments, with great rewards in $SOCIETY. Others would just battle it out over disagreements. There are artists and craftsmen everywhere. Explorers and merchants exchanging goods and Nobel's, Royal advisers, Military Officers like me. The place has something for all to participate in. A lot of the warriors use special weapons, like the ones you made. They loan them out for those in the tournaments to use. I’m hoping they will like what you have done, could be worth some $SOCIETY! You ever give that weapon a name?”

So, when the two arrived they walked around the Amphitheater showing off Dempster’s amazing crossbow. Word spread fast on how amazing Dempster’s rapid-fire design was. They called it, The **Ventucci RF Crossbow**! It got so much attention that all the warrior Apes wanted it. It was so sleek and fast! Forbes had to compete, so he said his goodbyes to his friend: “good luck my friend” before he ran off into the crowd. More and more apes wanted his crossbow. While in the Amphitheater he saw a Notice on the wall about blueprints for weapons that could earn you $SOCIETY and this gave Dempster an idea. When Dempster returned home a few days later, he called up all the apes in his family. Dempster always thought of his family first and told them if we all pooled our $SOCIETY together, we could sell the blueprints and make all of us wealthy. One ape asked, “Why would you do that for us?” Dempster replied, “What’s good for one ape, is good for all apes.” After speaking those wise words, he took a collection from all the apes in the Ventucci family, a total of 1 million $SOCIETY. The King then mass produced the blueprints for the crossbow, which in return brought great wealth to the Ventucci Family.

The Ventucci Apes were so overwhelmed with Dempster and his love for his fellow apes that they decided to make him King of all the Ventucci family. This honor was bestowed on him for showing his love and thoughtfulness, as well as for putting the family first! Today Dempster wears his crossbow rifle on back his to signify war and strife behind us with empty hands signifying future toward building and prosperity. All Hail King Ventucci!!!



