# Beltran White Enhanced Mech Shield

The southern part of Whooss was an excellent location for the Amphitheatre. In the early stages of construction, the Grand Architect Beltran White was on site most of the day overseeing the excavation of the land area where the landmark would be built. Curiously, when digging down into the soil of the district, large quantities of Bismuth were found. It was usually in its metallic form and shone in a kaleidoscope of colors with its odd shape, mesmerizing the apes that found the pieces.

Beltran White would take a few of the pieces back to his office where he would place the odd slabs of metal on his desk. Every night when he returned to his desk after a hard day\`s work, the Grand Architect would pick up the pieces, study them and try to understand what they could be used for.

As a previous student of engineering, it did not take too long to come up with something. The ape understood that the road to victory in the arena was superior gear. Being the grand architect, he also wanted to show what a truly remarkable piece of gear can look like and how effective it can be if constructed properly. Beltran had seen the mesmerizing effect the bismuth metal had on the apes. It sure could be turned into an advantage. Beltran would first find three thin titanium rods. He would then go to the Smith family and find the best craftsmen to work the forge. The master craftsman would forge the titanium into flat bars and infuse the bismuth on the tip of each one. On the opposite side the craftsman would create a hole in the blade. The titanium was then hardened to create a sturdy piece of metal.

From his early years, Beltran White had a priced possession. A robot part that would propel objects. This piece alone was unique and was the reason why Beltran had gotten all his engineering knowledge in the first place. Beltran would tinker with it and make it spin much faster than usual. After some experimentation, he made it. Pressing the button on the device made it hiss due to the amazing speed.&#x20;

Beltran would then alter the robot part so that a shaft protruded out of the mechanism. The Titanium parts would be fastened to the shaft and locked with a metal pin. The other side of the robot piece would have straps that could be fastened to the lower arm off the ape. When pressing the button, the bismuth enhanced titanium bars would spin with incredible force creating an almost invisible shield that would fend off anything that came in its path. The colors of the bismuth would also partly confuse the enemy as it looked like a dancing rainbow would manifest around the wielder.&#x20;

Beltran White was content. This shield would surely be a sought-after item. Unfortunately, it would be very rare, as Beltran had not yet managed to replicate the properties of the robot part. Maybe in the future it would be possible for more apes to use this incredible defensive gear in the battlefield?
