# Creditors Best Argument (Throwing axes)

Sometimes the origins of legendary weapons have unexpected back stories. This is most definitely true for the small and fast throwing axe called “Creditors best argument”.

Gocon City is a lively hub of commerce and trading. In such environments both lenders and borrowers of money are easy to come by. Of course, in such circumstances secondary jobs such as money collectors, thugs, hoodlums, and gangsters are equally common. The general rule of thumb when the debtors were late with payments, would be to send a gentle ape with a baseball bat to the debtor’s house and kindly ask for a refund. In nine of ten instances this approach worked flawlessly. The drawback was of course that these persuasive apes would not work for free. Obviously, if you only were owed a few 1000 $SOCIETY once in a while, you would not be too concerned dishing out a 100 or so $SOCIETY for an effective service. When you were dealing with millions of $SOCIETY and you had bad creditors, the story was a bit different. These middlemen of necessity would start to bite hard into the profit margins.

The infamous Catadi Brothers on Monet Avenue had this very problem. Having risen from obscurity in the dull Whisky trade between Gocon City and Canmard City, the brothers had early figured out the hidden benefits of tax evasion. Cleverly avoiding the tax man for years, the brothers had amassed an incredible fortune and had bought up vast amounts of property in the inner Gocon City area. These days their main source of income was lending out money to Apes who did not have an immaculate credit rating among the banks.

Understandably the horrible credit ratings were there for a reason. The apes borrowed money and could not pay it back. The Catadi brothers rented some thugs, and they miraculously found the money anyway. The brothers thought long and hard about a solution to this money drain, and after some time came up with an ingenious plan to get their due payments without wasting more cash.

On their main office at Money Avenue the brothers would raise three flags on separate poles. One white flag with a smiling ape, one red flag with a burning house, and a black flag with a severed ape’s head. They would then have three different kinds of axes crafted by the best craftsmen in Gocon City. One axe with a white hilt, one with a red hilt and the last one with a black hilt and head. The weapons were light and easy to carry and conceal, but they were razor-sharp and could be thrown with great accuracy and speed.

Should an ape be late with their payment, they would hear a thump in their front door sometimes after dark. When they opened the door, they would find a white axe stuck in the frame. If they then paid their dues, nothing more would happen. The problem with some apes was their slow wits. Ignoring the white axe would lead to a red axe stuck in their door frame the next night. When this happened, they also found that their house would catch fire in mysterious circumstances the day after. At this point even the slowest of apes started to comprehend the message. To this day, the black axe has not been thrown yet.

This approach made the Catadi brothers even more infamous and wealthy, and the axes would become a symbol of fear among the criminally inclined apes in Gocon City. The axes are possible to procure from the master craftsmen, but few dare to craft them to others than the Catadi family.
