# Snake Pike of Scholnag deep (Pike)

Most explorer apes are very familiar with the mysterious dungeons of Bath Court in Scholnag. The deep cavern like structures of the area has a maze-like formation and snakes its way down into the earth at least 30 sublevels deep. Extensive maps of this massive dungeon have been attempted by many apes, but after some time in the abyss, most apes become too nervous and will only be able to map certain small parts before exiting. There are monsters in the caves. Huge spiders, giant rats and even cave bears. Rumors have it that even dragons live in the deepest levels, but no one has been able to verify these claims.

It was during a De La Cruz exploration in the system that a rather interesting artefact was uncovered in a secret room at the 17th level of the dungeon. The room was discovered by chance as one of the explorers needed to rest his hands on a wall and managed to hit a lever that opened a stone gate. Inside they saw a glowing pike in the middle of the room. On the walls there were pictures of snakes in pentagrams, as well as other mysterious signs that the De La Cruz apes could not decipher.

As one of the apes went close and lifted the pike, he immediately felt a rage flow through his entire body. The pike lit up even more and the ape needed to focus all his energy not to strike out against his fellow party members. None of the apes immediately understood what was going on but looking at the pictures on the wall and seeing the effect of the weapon the immediate conclusion was that this was an enchanted weapon. The room was abandoned, but the apes managed to find many diagrams and schematics on the floor. These were taken back to the more schooled De La Cruz apes for deciphering.

These days it is possible to buy these powerful pikes from the De La Cruz family, so it Is obvious that they had managed to decipher the blueprints. They will to this day not reveal to anyone how the glow comes about and what materials are used, so it is a mystery how this exceptional pike works in practice. One thing is certain though, if equipping this item in battle, the wearer will be overcome with war rage and can act faster and hit harder than normal.
