# The Butcher\`s Oath

Carver de Medici and his cleaver ... a duo that very few would be willing to face in the arena of the Amphitheatre. According to rumors, the fizzing sound that the cleaver creates when it cuts through the air is enough to drain the will to fight from entire groups of competitors. A terrifying threat for every ape on the opposing team! And the name of this graceful, but so brachial and ferocious weapon? They call it "The Butcher's Oath"! But why is it called that? Let me tell you why!

&#x20;Carver de Medici, despite his family's wealth, already knew at a very young age that his path would be a different one. He wanted to find his own place in society. Not with the money and influence of his family ... he wanted to make it by his own efforts. Driven by this ambition, he walked through life always looking for the spark that would ignite his inner fire. And so, it happened one day that a fateful encounter with an elderly butcher at the market changed his entire life. And it was he who gave shape to Carver de Medici's future and encouraged him to open his own store for exquisite meats, cheeses, and sausages.

&#x20;After crossing paths at the market, the old butcher became his mentor and taught him everything he knew. Not only about his butcher’s craftsmanship, but also about things like anatomy or the correct and effective handling of a cleaver. A dangerous combination in the arena, as it turned out.

&#x20;Impressed by Carver's sheer potential and passion for the cause, the old Butcher decided to give him something that would remain for the rest of his life and support him along the way ... Even if one day he wouldn't be able to do it himself. And so, he hired the best blacksmith grandmasters in the country to forge a cleaver that had never existed before and would never exist again in 1000 years.

&#x20;The result: A unique and stunning work of art that represents the perfect fusion of traditional ironwork and modern materials.

&#x20;The blade itself has 640 layers of the finest Damascus steel and was forged in many hundreds of steps. This steel was made from a very special blend of 3 different types of steel. The exact mixture is a secret that has been passed down for generations within the great blacksmith families and has not yet leaked to the outside world. The cutting edge is coated with a layer of carbon steel, which makes it razor sharp, yet strong and resilient at the same time. With it, the cleaver cuts through meat and bones like through butter.

&#x20;The handle was made of very rare desert ironwood. This wood is heavy, very hard and extremely tough. The wood is obtained from a very special tree that was cultivated by the master blacksmiths. Several Damascus steel rivets add practical and visual accents and connect the wooden handle to the blade. When the old butcher handed this beautiful work of art to Carver de Medici, this is what he said:&#x20;

"This blade shall be yours from this day forward. But first you have to take an oath! Never stop following your dreams, continue to feed your inner fire, and bravely face every challenge in life, no matter how difficult it may seem at first. And to remind you of this Oath you will give me, I gave this Cleaver a very special name." The old butcher pointed to the broad back of the cleaver's blade. There was something engraved on it. Carver de Medici, visibly moved by his mentor's gesture, took the cleaver, held it up to the right light, and read the words aloud ... "The Butcher's Oath".
