# The Great Axe of King Ariste Cataldi

As a young ape, Prince Ariste Cataldi was taken to adventuring, often wandering farther from his family chateau than is typical for such a privileged primate. In truth, as much as he wanted to be freed from the daily necessities and constraints of aristocratic discipline and moral development, it wasn’t easy to find time to pursue his own curiosity and wanderlust. Often, he fabricated elaborate tales of misfortune, generally including a series of inconceivable events leading to his ‘luckless’ separation from his would-be tutors and caretakers. Had it not been for their absolute fear of reporting him missing, the ruse never would have worked so well.&#x20;

On one occasion, when the young king had wryly emancipated himself from Lanurk, venturing deep into the wooded hills of the Searran Valley, he happened upon a crested caravan picnicking in a meadow. Not recognizing the party, he crept closer to inspect. There, through the tall valley grasses, he beheld a princess so paralyzingly striking to him that when she discovered the onlooker and yelled to him that he come out and show himself, he moved not an inch. Fist clenched, she rushed him, fully prepared to handle the intruder herself.  She closed the distance between them so quickly that doubly startled, the prince stumbled back, rolling awkwardly feet overhead, end over end, until finally, he came to rest with her lording over him, hands on hips. Embarrassed, he hurried to his feet and rambled off the most pathetic tall tale excuse of his lifetime. The moment of silence that followed, as she took in this stranger’s surprisingly good looks and not-so-quick wit, seemed an eternity to him. Finally, she burst into a laughter so bemusing to him, that he later swore he was forever thereafter under its spell.&#x20;

Introductions and a hundred more excursions to the Searran Valley followed. At their favorite meeting place, under an oak tree overlooking the meadow where they first met, the two fell into a love as deep as ever was known among apes. Tragically, before the two could marry, the Princess died giving birth.&#x20;

In his mournful anger, Prince Cataldi became King Cataldi, vowing he would never love again. He felled the overlooking oak tree in the Searran Valley and from it fashioned the main mast for his merchant trade ship, Queen of the Seas. From a metallic meteorite, the couple once saw fall from the heavens and an offcut from the oak tree, King Cataldi created the head and shaft of the GREAT AXE.&#x20;

It is said that Queen of the Seas is unsinkable and that the GREAT AXE of King Cataldi is unbreakable, even imbued with extraordinary powers, because of the legendary devotion of the King to his should have been Queen and the power of their bond.

The GREAT AXE often travels with the King’s fleet and is a symbol of the full might of the King’s resources in defense of his goods. It is a reminder to all that fortune comes in waves, that we must hold fast to the relationships that give purpose and meaning to our lives, and that there are yet new realities to be discovered if only we look for them and put them to use.
