# Cleaver of Unknown Ages. (Two handed axe)

Fort Craras is known for its great pub scene in the streets of Crown Palace and Beford Way. Taverns, pubs, gentleape\`s clubs and restaurants are squeezed so tight into these streets that it’s hard to find a way into a back alley for a good old bladder relief.

A particular ape from the Cox family had been on one of his weekly sample tours of some of the grittier watering holes in town. As he was quite familiar with the streets (And the streets were quite familiar with him) he had chanced upon several more or less well-intentioned acquaintances that night. As good manners would dictate, he had to have at least one drink at each of the places. After the 7th or 8th pub, nature was calling in a way that mandated he immediately needed to take his leave. The problem was that this part of the city had very few outhouses, so the only way to really get to somewhere private was to climb over a fence in the back of a tavern and relieve himself in a flowerpot or an old bucket.

The Cox ape had managed to maneuver his way over a fence in a clumsy inebriated state. His pants were pulled down, and the wonderfully relieving trickle soon commenced. During this time something very odd took place. Right in front of him, a blue light shot out from nowhere and a portal opened up. As the Cox ape was doing his business, an angry looking Dwarf with long beard poked his head out of the portal and looked straight at the Cox Ape. “Right!” He said as his gaze went up and down the body of the ape. “Lad, I do not have much time. This is the mighty axe of the Dwarven Kings of elder Margoon. Safe keep this weapon as if your life depends on it. I will be back in 10 years to collect it” Having said this, the dwarf handed a heavy two-handed axe to the ape and vanished as quickly as he appeared. The Cox ape stood slack jawed in the same place, a two-handed axe in hand and pants dropped to the ground. This experience was too much. The poor ape collapsed on the spot and immediately fainted.

The next day, the Cox ape was awakened by big a bucket of cold water poured over his head. The owner of the back alley had alerted the local military officers and they assumed he had been on a drunken looting spree. The abruptly woken Cox ape tried to tell the story the way it happened, but unfortunately for him the military officers did not deem the story too probable, so proceed to haul the Cox ape to prison while confiscating the great axe.

A couple of days had passed, and no one had come to claim the axe, so the Cox ape was released from his cell and was allowed to drag the enormous weapon with him. Even though he was dead drunk that night he clearly remembered the intense gaze of the Dwarf, he did not intend to disappoint him. The axe would stay with him for safekeeping.

Being one thirsty ape, it so happened that a couple of years later he had accumulated in impressive drinking tab at almost all the local taverns. Over the years, he had of course not been able to keep his mouth shut and had told the story of the axe and Dwarf to whomever would listen. Now that he was strapped for cash though, one local Ventucci ape suggested that he would take the axe to an appraiser and maybe get some money for it.

It was with a heavy heart that he took the axe with him. The appraiser looked at the weapon carefully and could see that the handle was made of bone from an unknown animal. It was lime white with some strange inscriptions that could not be deciphered. The head of the axe had an almost golden color and was formed in the shape of a razor-sharp half-moon. Seeing the rarity and exceptional craftmanship, the appraiser was willing to offer 50.000 $SOCIETY for this immaculate weapon. The Cox ape took the money and told the appraiser to look well after this cleaver of unknown ages. Much later, copies of this axe were sold in the Ape Society, but the original is kept in a museum somewhere in Fort Craras. No one knows what will happen when/if the Dwarf returns.
