# Legacy of Searran Valley (Short bow)

This exceptionally fine short bow was originally only manufactured by the Davies family in Searran Valley. Due to the abundance of Hickory wood in the area, the Davies specialized in the fine crafting of short bows and would supply everyone from hunters, archers and military officers with custom made light Hickory bows. The very best materials would be found in the east of the district from Hare Court to Hickory Court.

The quality of the wood was of utmost importance for manufacturing a well-balanced bow. Sometimes when harvesting wood deep in the forest, the Davies would find what they considered exceptional quality material. This wood was not intended for common bows but would be brought back to the master bowyer who would carefully handle the wood for weeks to get the perfect balance of weight and durability in the curve. When the right balance had been achieved, he would cut the wood exactly 38 inches long and 2 inches thick. Very special care was given to the hand grip for balance. A linseed oil only extracted in Searran Vally was used to preserve the bow after completion. For the string, hemp was used. It would not be spun but twisted in a special way to make it more durable and accurate when shooting. Finally, a D for Davies would always be burnt at the top part of the bow. On the lower end a white shield with a dragon would be added to symbolize the great craftsmanship of the Davies of Searran Valley.

Due to rarity, these master bows would generally be reserved only for King Sherwood Davies and his closest companions. This, however, did not last forever as a Davies craftsman ones managed to steal the blueprints for the bows and sold them on the open market in Gocon City. To this day no one knows who conducted this heinous crime, but the fact is that the method is out in the open. Even though several enterprising craftsmen now can theoretically make this master bow, the problem remains to obtain the legendary quality Hickory. In the cases where craftsmen can get their hands on the material, the Davies sellers demand that they will name the bow “Legacy of Searran Valley” and inscribe the D and the Davies crest on the bow.
