# Schuppin AOS Space Helm (Helmet)

The residents of Schuppin are known for being attracted to everything above them. Whether it comes to alien spacecrafts, falling stars or even the attempt to make a mechanical space elevator in the midst of the district. What they generally are not known for is battle armor. It is then quite curious that one of the most effective helmets in the entire Ape Society hails from the space focused district at the center of the map.

One random day in the outskirts of Foxfields a few local apes were having a garden gathering in the Ape Astronomers Association (AAA). During a delicious dessert of lemon cake and tea, an object came slamming down in the middle of the nicely decorated garden table. Apes leaped for cover, teacup in hand, and luckily no one was hurt in this startling bombardment.

As the danger seemed to have passed, the Astronomer apes crawled out from their hiding places and were surprised to see an odd object remaining at the table. It appeared to be a thin white cloth with a blue visor attached to the front part. In the back of the cloth, the letters AOS were inscribed. Curiously, the apes looked up in the sky for any clues on where this item had originated, but nothing could be learned.

Cautiously trying to find out what this piece was, it quickly became apparent that it was some sort of head gear. One brave astronomer carefully slid the piece over his head and was instantaneously surprised by its effect. When worn, the ape immediately calmed down and felt a certain clarify sweep over him. He could immediately do quick calculations, understand technical complicated problems at an expert level and could speak in a much cooler and collective manner. Other effects of wearing this marvelous head gear were that it cooled the ape’s head and his hearing improved significantly.

Obviously, the Schuppin apes became very attached to this object as it would help them solve complex problems. This issue was that they only had one piece. As luck would have it though, a few of the alien craftsmen residing in the area knew that the composition of the cloth was a Kevlar compound mixed with tiny transducers that stimulated the brain cells. The alien craftsmen were fairly certain that they could duplicate the items given enough time and $SOCIETY.

As it turned out, the aliens managed to replicate the head gear. Sometime later more aggressively inclined apes from other districts heard about this marvelous helmet and started adopting it in the arena for increased stats in intelligence and wisdom. The Kevlar also gave reasonable protection from ranged attacks as well as sharp objects. This combination made the item sought after in many circles and families. Only the richest of apes could afford the Schuppin AOS space helm though, as the aliens were not working cheaply, and Kevlar was hard to come by.
