# Radcliffe White Donates to the Amphitheatre

## The Good Doctor King Radcliffe, Warlord and Healer of the Citizens, Donates to the Amphitheatre

[Heolt District](../../../../../cabins-by-the-ape-society/districts/district-1-heolt-he/) - Outside the home of [King Radcliffe White](../../../../../apes/craftsmen/white/notable-apes/radcliff-white/) sits a carriage sent by the Craftsmen Union to transport the good King to their headquarters. He is to meet with his compatriot and family member, [Beltrán White](../../../../../apes/craftsmen/white/notable-apes/beltran-white.md), architect of the [Amphitheatre ](../../)being built. The King’s lovely chateau is of impressive craftsmanship. The impeccable woodwork and giant glass windows stand out even in this outstanding neighborhood. Radcliffe has taken an interest in real estate and exercised his royal influence to get in on the booming industry. The King’s recent move and acquisition of properties in District 1 have driven the price of cabins in Heolt through the roof.&#x20;

The well-groomed yard features a Goguen Shepherd guard dog named Copper. He sits faithfully at the bottom of the stairway leading to the front door keeping an eye on the coachman. After a moment, the door opens, and Radcliffe and his wife Virginia step out onto the front porch. Three young apes run out behind them; the oldest Remington dueling the middle child Ray with wooden swords while the youngest, Radcliffe Jr., immediately began terrorizing the dog.&#x20;

"We are so pleased that the proposal passed for the Amphitheatre!" Virginia said. "The winter will be rough, and we will need the work. Every bit of $society put into this project makes a difference." She stops to straighten the crown on her husband's head and gives him a quick kiss before his journey.

“He hasn’t been to a real tournament since Giambuono’s last festival. He is so excited to be able to help fund the project and get the games and music going!”&#x20;

The King's giving nature is one of the big reasons his fellow apes elected him to lead the Whites into the new era of DAO governance. Radcliffe's father was a healer who owned an apothecary in the original borough of Stonehill and is descended from its founders. Young Radcliffe spent his youth in the shop and met many great healers and merchants. Often, he and his father would be invited to the capital city to sell his wares in the Chiesa Trading Company’s stalls during big events. It was in the markets where he fell in love with the Ape Society. A melting pot of cultures. Apes from all over Goguen and beyond have found their way here to this place to work together as one solid unit.&#x20;

Upon earning his apprenticeship with the De’Medici family, Radcliffe made the most of his opportunity, landing a scholarship to study under master healer Cozomo De’Medici at the Medici School of Medicine. After graduation, Radcliffe opened his own practice and passed on his father’s legacy doubling as the finest apothecary supply in the Kingdom. The Chiesa Trading Company would load up on inventory every season before embarking on their routes. The ‘Stonehill Remedies’ brand has the image of the apothecary store in Stonehill as its logo.&#x20;

The carriage is now on the road towards the Union Building. As they drive through the streets, passersby wave and acknowledge the royal coachman with a bow. The Crown insignia on the side of the carriage door indicates the imperial cargo. Recently the Kings have been topping off the record-breaking amounts of $society flowing into the Amphitheatre’s donation box and have the citizens raving about the possibilities of entertainment and tourism. Radcliffe has graciously donated 250k $society towards building the newest attraction and landmark. As a prominent doctor and highest-ranking family member of an original craftsman family, you can guarantee the materials and apes for these construction crews will be of the highest quality. This is the biggest donation to date, and the citizens are grateful!&#x20;

Dr. White is definitely an Ape of the community. Being the son of an apothecary, Radcliffe was a natural healer, but his father's love for battle and excitement was also passed on. After the Civil War began, Radcliff soon joined the Baldwin family for training as a medic & field surgeon. Finding himself on the front lines, the warrior within him awoke as the future leader of the White family and earned as many accolades as he had in all his years of schooling. Radcliffe's feats on the battlefield led to his induction into the Paladins of Goguen, a doctrine of battle-hardened doctors from all over the region. You can easily spot them on the front lines by their shiny armor and seal. They protect and heal the Ape Society citizens no matter where the battle may be.&#x20;

A crowd has gathered outside the Craftsmen Union, where King White is set to arrive. The fancy stanhope carriage stops, and the coachman steps down to instruct the King and open his door. Radcliffe steps out to a loud cheer. A regal figure to be sure, the monarch strokes his long beard a moment as he speaks with the driver a moment before his departure, the sun glints off his signature crown. Radcliffe turns towards the front doors of the building, takes in the scene, and waves before making his way through the apes to the front doors. As he passes, apes cry out welcoming chants of "Palle! Palle! Palle!"; the traditional war cry of the Ape Society. A hero. Wielder of 'Slick,' the Warhammer. This Craftsmen King seems to need no bodyguard.&#x20;

Before entering the building, he stops and turns to face the crowd to address them shortly:&#x20;

"We weren't trying to set a record," Radcliffe said. "We just wanted to ensure no one went home empty-handed with this project. More than anything, the Amphitheatre represents progress. It is an inspiration to continue building our great city, the crown jewel of Goguen." Warriors have a place to hone their skills. Musicians and Actors have a place to perform, and philosophers have a stage to address the masses.&#x20;

"This kind of entertainment drew me to the capital when I was young, and I want that for future generations... this amphitheater is just what the Doctor ordered"
